Now we are going to set up a minimal speed project for our inbound SMTP server.
Example we we used to start a web interface for creating this very minimal project.
We, we use dependency on springboard itself.
We have a timely dependency included.
We have spring data, MongoDB included.
We are going to use that for storing email into the emails database.
And what's more important here or most important here is dependency on that SMTP server itself.
We are using a package or dependency called subset SMTP, which provides embeddable SMTP server that
is fully configurable as we are going to see after a minute.
And that way, or using just this one dependency, we can run embedded SMTP server and virtually any
in literally any springboard applications.
We are using a springboard version to here, but we are successfully using that SMTP package and a springboard
to 1 to 5 applications running for years with no issues in production.
So this can be reused even for older legacy applications successfully with actually no issue here.
So this is the very minimum system we have for we can run the application with that dependency and we
can build our system based on that just after a minute.